-- TODO for Blackbox - an X11 Window manager

netwm:
-----------------------------
* _NET_NUMBER_OF_DESKTOPS requires that we move windows to the next
  workspace when the one they are on is closed.  However we currently
  iconify them instead

* if we have N workspaces NET_DESKTOP_NAMES could supply us with N+M
  names.  When we create a new workspace we should consult this list.

* always on top/bottom support, layers, omnipresence, etc

* update ALLOWED_ACTIONS when required

* if we find a window with no title, set VISIBLE_NAME

refactoring:
-----------------------------
* look into public v. private members of all classes

warts:
-----------------------------
* vnc in full screen mode does not get focus, but apparently works
  with openbox

Stuff TODO or On The Way(tm):
-----------------------------
ADD: use a fullscreen window with no background color/pixmap to hide
     flicker when switching to/from a workspaces with fullscreen and/or
     maximized windows.

CHANGE: sigaction is defined by POSIX.1, so we should drop the older
        signal mechanism for easier code maintenance.  anyone with
        objects to making blackbox require a POSIX.1 compliant host
        should speak up

FIX: window colormap installation should follow focus... it doesn't at
     the moment, and the changes in the event handling have removed
     colormap installation completely.

ADD: add _BLACKBOX_STYLE and _BLACKBOX_MENU atoms so that bbtools, bbconf,
     etc. can get the current path to the style in use and menu.

ADD: subdirs in stylesmenu/dir will create a new submenu

ADD: UTF8 support

CHANGE: when workspace name is greater than the width of its text area the
	toolbar gets very ugly.  Elliding code was recently added for
        the menus, perhaps we should abstract it.

CHANGE: rework the .blackboxrc resources so that they give a more
        uniform behavior across screens. (Still not sure how I want
	to do this, so it'll have to wait.)

CHANGE: allow blackboxrc to be editing while the wm is running without
        losing changes

ADD: get volunteers to translate blackbox into other languages

ADD: draw resize frames using the styles borderWidth... should be fairly
     simple to do...

ADD: a regression test suite
     items to test:
       *) toggle decor works
       *) multihead

Code cleanup:
-----------------------------
CHANGE: deiconify() is overloaded, we need a "place window on Workspace N" and
        "bring this window back from icon land"

CHANGE: as a corrolary to the above, BlackboxWindow::mapRequest should actually
        be called for map requests

CHANGE: look into centering the window when maximizing and the window can not
        grow to fill the area

ADD: way to empty a menu with one method call something like menu.erase() or
     menu.removeAll()

ADD: way to have items in menu and store data other than their index number.
     The reason the Send To menu lists every workspace is because if it did
     not blackbox would have no way to know that the one labelled
     "Workspace 2" actually was workspace #2 and was referenced by
     workspace[1]. Something like menu.insert(item, data).

CHANGE: use a Workspace* instead of a number in BlackboxWindow

CHANGE: move all of the fprintf() messages to a message function /
        class.  Something like message(WARN, "this is broken") and use
        sprintf() to allow for printf() style replacements.  This can
        be set to go to stderr, a log file, whatever.  It can also be
        disabled for final builds.

CHANGE: use less pointers and more references
